Release v0.1.1 (#6)
lacework/terraform-kubernetes-agent: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Release Notes

> Another day, another release. These are the release notes for the version `v0.1.1`.

Reviewer: Since this PR title says 0.2.0:
```suggestion
Another day, another release. These are the release notes for the version `v0.2.0`.
```
